
Evaluation for homework 03: Dice Game

Die, DiceSet, and HighRoll Program
Includes running DieAndDiceSetTestHarness
Includes running automated HighRoll tests
=========================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class Die         : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 1 point
getValue          : works                             - 1 point
setSides          : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 0.5 point
                     Throws exception - see results

class DiceSet     : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
sum               : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 1 point
rollIndividual    : works                             - 1 point
getIndividual     : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
isIdentical       : works                             - 1 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 0.5 point
                     Throws exception - see results

class HighRoll    : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
TUI:              : works, all options present        - 1 point
option 1 roll all : works                             - 1 point
option 2 roll one : works                             - 1 point
option 3 sum      : works                             - 1 point
option 4 save     : works                             - 1 point
option 5 display  : works                             - 1 point
option 6 quit     : works                             - 1 point

Files in Git      : all three present                 - 1 point
Test Harness      : ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException at
                       DiceSet.java line 143          - 0.75 point
HighRoll          : passes all evaluation tests       - 1 points

Total 27.75 out of 30 = 92.5% which is an A-minus
subtracting minimally 5 points for lateness = 87.5% which is a B-plus

Normally lateness costs you one letter grade for each day late.
This is posted policy on the syllabus.  However, you did have most of
it in on time, so I'm only taking off 1/2 letter.



